Now:
  6809 version of assembler
  6809 version of disassembler
  Re-enable exorterm mode: I think it just needed flushes or update calls.

  l command:
    Return to prompt when S9 received
    Read S19 from file if filename given

  Clean up DATA= and EA= output.  Print EA only for when instruction accesses memory?

  Some way to read assembly listing for symbols (improved facts file).

  6809 version of flex, should be possible.  There is already a flex09 emulator.

  Backport instruction set fixes to 6800
     DAA
     NEG
      Detect intercepted jumps for exbug-1.1 and exbug-1.2 by looking at code, otherwise fall back
      to ACIA polling.

Exor:

  "make install" (needs paths to binaries).

  Default options and file locations in environment variables, so you don't need
  exbug.bin in current directory.

  Step over function (we only have step into now)
  Break key
  More breakpoints
  Switch disks

  Ctrl-C twice sends Ctrl-C to program?

  6800 simulator: 6801, 6811, 6816 support

  6809 simulator: there are some exorset disks and
  an exorset emulator (from which we could get the
  exbug-09)

    6309 support

  Share symbols from assembler for facts
  Show top of stack command?

  User GNU readline or add history for monitor jgetline?

  Televideo emulation for Flex2?  Maybe not necessary.

  Direct support of .imd files so that binary extract
  is not necessary?

Mdos:

  Support writing binary files
  Add rename function
  Add format function to create a blank disk.
  Check for read/write errors to disk.
  Check disk size for reads/writes.
  Check MDOS file name is 8.2

  Add support for EXORset mini-floppies

  Direct support of .imd files?

Unasm:

  Tracing to discover all valid code...

HTDOCs:

  Finish MDOS tech page.
  Add inline links to MDOS info.  Add links to MDOS info source.
  Mention Windows exor emulator.
  Add installation information

  Document what emulator actually emulates (hardware addresses, subroutine
  calls..)

  Document monitor ROMs.


- - -
Done:
  Create Linux version of ImageDisk imdu command.

  Exorterm emulation (if we can find docs for it..)

  MDOS extract all files
